For clarity, the packages used are loaded first.

An empty destination is created and the link saved as an value. With the funciton 'download.file' the zip is downloaded to the destination. 
In the next step the zip is unpacked.

The 8 txt-files are loaded in R.
1. 'feature' : 561 obs. of 2 variables - n : counter, values : measurement names
2. 'activity' : 6 obs. of 2 variables - id : activity id, activity : activity name
3. 'subject_test' : 2947 obs. of 1 varaible - subject : subject id
4. 'x_test' : 2947 obs. of 561 variables - including the feature vales as names - all 561 columns have a name
5. 'y_test' : 2947 obs. of 1 variable - id : activity id
6. 'subject_train' : 7352 obs. of 1 varaible - subject : subject id
7. 'x_train' : 7352 obs. of 561 variables - including the feature vales as names - all 561 columns have a name
8. 'y_train' : 7352 obs. of 1 variable - id : activity id

The training und test data sets are row bind with the rbind()-command, always first the training set then the test set to secure the sorting.
Finaly the subject, y (activity) and x (values) are column bind with cbind() to the 'merge' data set - 10299 obs. of 563 variables.

Only the mean and standard diviation values should be used together with the activity and subject, in the further analysis so with select from 
the dyplr package. To make select the values the names needed to contain 'mean' or 'sd'. This is stored into 'merged_selected'.

To get a descriptive activity name the id column of 'merged_selected' is overwriten with the second column of the activity data set, if the 
ids are equal.
The subject is changed to a factor due to this is a person and not a mere number.

The second column name is set to 'activity' directly.
To set descriptive variable names in the other columns, two list are created that includes the existing abbreviations in the first and spelled 
out terms in the second. After that a for loop with the length of the lists went through the names, searching for the abbreviations and 
exchanging them with the spelled out version due to the command gsub().

The final data set 'second_dataset' is created out of 'merged_selected' grouped by activity and subject the mean of all values (180 obs. of 
88 variables).
Now you can compaire e.g. the time body accelerometer of all 30 subjects going downstairs.
